it was once a symol of higher education
in Gaza City now ISAT University is
gone dust and dipr lost hope for a
generation of
[Music]
Palestinians this is what the campus
used to look like a modern University
offering courses including Finance
engineering and law for more than 4,000
students Israel is being accused of
deliberately targeting education Huda
was a student at the Islamic University
of Gaza before it was left unusable by
Israeli
strikes she's studying her master and
hoped to become a translator since the
beginning of this word my University and
other three universities here in the GTH
strip was almost destroyed we are
talking that not only the structure of
the universities was destroyed also the
future of all the students all of people
that start to studying a master's or
bachelor degree or even PhD in this
University were or almost destroyed in a
statement the Palestinian Ministry of
Foreign Affairs and expatriates
condemned Israel's attacks on
universities the occupation previously
targeted a large number of higher
education institutions in the Gaza Strip
and destroyed them completely or
partially as part of the criminal War it
is waging against the Palestinian people
you have nothing to say about this I
mean to do that kind of an explosion you
need to be in there you have to put the
explosives down and it takes a lot of
planning and preparation to do and if
there was a threat from this particular
facility they wouldn't have been able to
do it the US state department is being
asked to explain its LA's actions we are
always troubled by the by um uh any
degradation of Civilian infrastructure
in Gaza but without knowing the actual
underlying circumstances I'm a little
hesitant I think for reasons that should
be understandable to pass definitive
judgment on it from this Podium the war
on Gaza has left thousands of of
students across this strip El limbo the
United Nations is warning that the
destruction in Gaza will lead to a Lost
Generation among young people here tarum
Al jazer rafah Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer